The samurai who used to be a samurai,
now has the courage to take over the land.
His body is small, but his sword is long,
so he can hold 16 swords.
He has a sword in his hand, and walks on the shogi.
If you look at the Shikui Mountain from the Takaiyama,
you can see that the Shikui Mountain is definitely lower.
He is a samurai who is given a sword by the lord.
He is not angry, but he knows how to do it,
so he uses a sword.
Today, the sword is useful.
If you bring Iwami Jutaro, the great swordsman,
to the Kihonho, you will be full of holes.
However, the sword is not a lost thing.
What do you see?
He wears a mask like a child's sharii,
and he puts it on his chest,
and he puts on a machine like a Suda-Rubu,
and he puts on a handkerchief.
He puts it on and says,
I love you,
but who puts his hand on it?
There is someone who does it.
It's strange, but they are both excited.
I have to say that I'm tired.
I can't go because I'm tired.
Come on, let's go.
Come on, come on, come on.
Come on, let's go and play.
Play?
Toshi, no, this is the place.
This is here.
Oh, really?
The door is open.
Let's go this way.
Come on, come on.
No, come on, come on.
Come on, come on, come on.
I'm tired.
I'm really tired.
It's still good to play.
I'm not always playing a game of playing games,
so I feel like I'm getting tired.
This is a little bit of a jigsaw,
but what if it's a serious game?
We can't play like this,
like a picture of a cat.
Right?
If you say that you are tired,
and you say that you are tired,
your heart will beat faster,
your face will change color,
and you will be more excited.
You will be more excited.
Then, from the arms to the thighs,
everyone is eating meat.
You can't eat meat.
What are you talking about?
There is no meat to eat.
It's just bones.
You can't play with it.
There is no such thing.
Even the samurai like that,
it can't be helped that one thing is wrong,
so it is said that the five senses are like the five souls.
The five souls are like the five souls,
because they are the gods and gods.
So, the five souls are like the five souls.
The five tagas and the clinics in the Wayanamada,
the G Powell also dry cleaning counter
are on drawbacks.
In return, they enter the mountain,
with their genocide rift
They wake up again and go into the toilet,
to drink some water.
There are moodless slums around,
but every time you give them a birth,
the mountain arises.
Will this Kurozιά die in the step-by-step nourishment?
The answered answer is no.
If it is here to be given mashed potatoes,
you have to go to the bottom,
Japan is a good country, but...